feat(js): Import `BrowserTracing` directly from a browser SDK (#6508)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/webworkers/index.mdx

### Integrations

> Using non-default integrations inside Web Workers may not work as expected. Non-default integrations enabled outside workers' scope are not affected by worker-level configurations and will still work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, that if you use non-default integrations inside web workers, they may not function as expected. But non-default integrations that are enabled outside of a worker’s scope won’t be affected and will function as expected.
```
